🗺️ Why You Should Add a Map
🔍 1. Boosts Local SEO Authority

Embedding a Google Map with your verified Google Business Profile tells Google exactly where your office is located and reinforces NAP (Name, Address, Phone) consistency.

It improves visibility for searches like “lawyer near me” or “Lawton criminal defense attorney.”

It can help your business appear in the local 3-pack map results.

👀 2. Builds Immediate Trust

A visible map tells visitors:

“This is a real, local office right here in Lawton.”

It signals professionalism and transparency — important for law firms.

Especially valuable for out-of-town visitors (e.g., Fort Sill families) looking for directions.

📱 3. Improves Mobile UX

On mobile, people want to tap and get directions quickly.

You can include a small “Get Directions” button under the map that opens Google Maps directly.

🧭 How to Implement It Right
✅ Placement Options (Best Practices)

Footer placement (most common)

Add a smaller embedded Google Map (≈400×250 px) near the contact info.

Keeps the homepage clean while ensuring every page shows your location.

Homepage contact section (great middle-ground)

Add a “Visit Our Office” or “Located in Downtown Lawton” block near the bottom.

Include the map, address, and a “Get Directions” button.

Example:

📍 Rochelle & Associates
511 SW C Ave, Lawton OK 73501
[Get Directions]


This fits perfectly before the footer.

Avoid top-of-page map embeds.

It’s distracting and slows the initial page load. The map should support conversions, not replace your hero section.

⚙️ Technical SEO Tips

Use your Google Business Profile embed code, not a generic map.
That ensures it’s linked to your verified GBP listing.
(Click “Share” → “Embed a Map” on your GBP in Google Maps.)

Add schema markup on the same page:

{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "LegalService",
  "name": "Rochelle & Associates",
  "image": "https://rochelle-associates.com/logo.png",
  "telephone": "+1-580-248-1822",
  "address": {
    "@type": "PostalAddress",
    "streetAddress": "511 SW C Ave",
    "addressLocality": "Lawton",
    "addressRegion": "OK",
    "postalCode": "73501",
    "addressCountry": "US"
  },
  "geo": {
    "@type": "GeoCoordinates",
    "latitude": 34.604,
    "longitude": -98.395
  },
  "url": "https://rochelle-associates.com"
}


Add a caption or headline above it:

“Proudly serving Lawton and Comanche County — visit our office downtown.”

🧩 Optional Enhancements

Use a custom map style (grayscale, warm tones) to match your site’s palette.

If you want to keep speed top-tier, lazy-load the map (load only when users scroll near it).

Include a Street View thumbnail or office photo next to the map to make it more personal.

💡 Recommendation Summary
Placement	Benefit	Best For
Footer map	SEO + universal visibility	Every page
Homepage “Visit Us” section	Warm hometown trust	Homepage conversion
Both	Best of both worlds	SEO + user trust

👉 Final Call:
Yes — add a small map block near the bottom of your homepage, tied to your Google Business Profile, with a “Get Directions” button and your full Lawton address.
It’s one of the easiest, safest, and most impactful changes you can make for both SEO and a hometown feel.